h1. Campfire Bot

This is a bot for 37 Signals' Campfire chat service.

It has plugin support so you can make your bot do whatever you want. 

h2. Installation

@gem install campfire-bot@

h3. Download

Download the source from "github":http://github.com/joshwand/campfire-bot
 

h3. Configuration

Create a @config.yml@ in the root of the source directory. Use @config.example.yml@ as an example.

h2. Usage

To run the bot, run @campfire-bot@ with the following parameters:

  -c config FILE          path to config file
  -e ENVIRONMENT_NAME     environment name to load from config file
  -p plugin PLUGIN_PATH   path to your plugins
  
Example:

@campfire-bot -c config.yml -e production -p ./plugins@

h2. Plugins

See plugins-example/fun.rb for an example plugin.

The old plugins that used to be bundled with campfire-bot are now in their own repo: "campfire-bot-plugins":https://github.com/joshwand/campfire-bot-plugins


h2. Known issues

h3. [BUG] Bus Error

This is really an issue with EventMachine. If you are using this on a machine that has MacPorts, you'll need to make sure that you build both ruby and eventmachine linked against the openssl in /opt/local, not /usr/local.

h3. warning: peer certificate won't be verified in this SSL session

A bug in net/http. Noisy, but harmless.

h2. Original Author

Tim Riley - "github":http://github.com/timriley | "www":http://openmonkey.com/ | "email":mailto:tim@openmonkey.com

h2. Maintainer

* Josh Wand - "github":http://github.com/joshwand

h3. Contributors

* Marcel M. Cary - "github":http://github.com/mcary
* Hugh Evans - "github":http://github.com/artpop
* Sean O'Dowd - "github":http://github.com/seanodowd
* Andrew Erickson - "github":http://github.com/aerickson